[Music]
Hello friends of the channel, how
are you, salsa lovers
in this nation? We can't comment on the
ugly gesture that a socialite editor had the other day
with Maria Patiño
live. I found it incredible
and what a bad vibe there must be with
Maria Patiño for this colleague to
feel this way, not because another
person might have interpreted or
played the role for the minute and that's it,
but it turns out that this
weekend Maria Patiño turned 50, which
by the way, she's doing quite well with us, we won't
all agree on that, even if she
's a bit of a weather vane, no, a little, quite a bit,
no, but well, we have to keep
working, but in the event that she turned
50 and her colleagues are good, they
proposed to give her a kind of
surprise, no longer showing her some videos
with her best moments in socialite and
so on, leaving Nuria Martin of course
in charge of the program presenting
in one of these she connected with the
editorial staff of the program to ask them
or to pass the microphone a little to each one
and that they will dedicate a few  words until
the moment comes when one of them
says no no it's not in my plans to
congratulate her the truth is I don't have any I have
other plans today and the truth is that no I don't
think my congratulations will reach her and they
all stay cut off of course
running they change the plan or running they
change the camera and connect to the
outside patio and it was like sorry get it
happened there it's been very very
strange the truth is I don't know if
you saw it live but the truth is that it has
been very very very strange okay it
literally seems that Maria
Patiño doesn't get along with all her
colleagues on the program there were people who
surely would have answered to
look good it's that in reality I think it would have
been the best for that
person too I don't know what it was she was
sitting in an office she wasn't sitting
at a table I don't know if she's a writer scriptwriter editor it's
not fair there are people
who say that she was really a writer but
well the things that for having gone over the
moment it wouldn't have been good to have
said yes yes to do her errands and she
told me thank you but no no no she decided to
be totally sincere and literally said
base don't happen that my congratulations no it's
probably not going to reach her because I
have  many plans
willy ximo man well in the chain it would be less than if it were
the chain wins without the
production company in the production company it would be less than
I know the life of that these
things only happen there it's as if it's that
this production company is as if you
were down in the neighborhood there is no
between the lottery shop of the
bakery the fight between neighbors is the
TV factory because it is
literally zero seriousness zero seriousness
it is literally a full of
golden action people on social networks
realized immediately the bad vibes
and what we are asking ourselves is why why is it
because the colleagues themselves
the editors themselves have a bad
vibe with the presenter because it will have
happened will it go from arrogance maybe because of
the team she will answer them badly we don't
know we will not know maybe
one day someone is going to give a tongue efe
what do you think I will be reading the
comments box this news has made me
thank you very much and you have to
discuss it with you I send you a
huge hug and we will see you in the
next newscast
[Music]